Wow...
This place is fancy
Caffè Expressiva...
More like Caffè Expensiva
No..
Who is your friend we're waiting on?
Oh Cody? Yeah, he isn't normally late.
Cody?
I'll wait for Cody
Oh good... Hehe
Wait, what do you mean by that?
Cody's hot
Heh...
My best friend, Cody
The guy with the limp and terrible asthma
Oh my god... I totally forgot about his inhaler
He's so cute when he can't breathe...
Rach, I've been friends with Cody since kindergarten
If anyone thought he was hot, I would know
Do you remember when Cody got his limp?
That summer when he's a life-guard?
Oddly enough, near-drowning incidents tripled that summer
All females...
The currents were abnormally strong that year
Why is it that anytime Cody's at your house, all of your sister's friends just
wanna hangout there too?
Our mom makes killer guac...
Everybody knows it
You know it
Cody's hot
Admit it
Sorry Rach, I just don't see it
Mike BOW CHICKA WOW WOW
Ahhh...
I hate you
Hey guys, so sorry I'm late
/in unison/ Hey Cody...
Wow... this place is fancy
More like Caffè Expensiva
Ahahaha oh my god, you're so funny
I'm gonna go to the restroom
Okay!
*asdfghjkl Taylor's shaking voice*
You know what else...?
He doesn't even knows he's hot
which makes him SO MUCH HOTTER...
I can't talk to you
You know what's crazy that he's still friends with you
Better looking people just naturally gravitates towards each other
Cody
Yeap
Have you ever thought about modelling?
*gasps* I can't let him find out that he's hot
Gotta go Rach, gotta go
Okay bye
So the thing about Rachel, you know...
Yeah, it was pretty rude back there...
No, she's sick. She's contagious, we shouldn't hang out with her...
Oh okay
Hope she feels better...
Excuse me
NO THANK YOU
Yeah...
Okay...
aaahhhAAHHHHHH erghhHHHH
The heck was that?
Errr... TAG YOU'RE IT Hehehehhehe
Well, I mean this joke was really funny...
Ayeeeeee
We're having a boy's night...
Sorry... Hehehe
Thanks
Dude, she was cute!
I just wanna get a drink with my best bro
that expression reminds me of the time taylor slaps wes
Hey...
These are on me...
NO!
THEY ARE ON ME!
*ding dong*
Hey... Make yourself at home
Yeah... So
How about we go to the beach?
Nooooo...
Okay! Erm, what do you wanna do?
Umm... Let's just kick back, relax and watch a movie!
Great...
I'll invite Rachel
whoever did this edit, may God bless you AHAHAAH
Noooooo...
Look Jordan, we have to talk
You've been acting super awkward
You never wanna go out
You yell at that bartender
HEY
It was a really loud bar
I feel like I don't even know you anymore
What's wrong with me wanting to spend time with you?
By ourselves...
One on one...
And absolutely no women...
Okay, I gotta go
When you ready to be honest with me, just let me know
But I'm ready, I'm ready...
Sit down...
Okay, the truth is that...
I realize that you're hot...
I'm what...?
You're hot
I know it
Everybody knows it
But you don't know it
I act the way I did because I was scared that if you found out you're hot
You'll leave me for...
hotter friends...
Jordan, what other people think about me
does not change the way I think about you
You're not only friends with me 'cause you haven't made hotter friends yet?
Dude...
We're friends for life, 'kay?
You're a good friend
I know
Unlike my sister's friends
Oh what do you mean?
Rachel told me that her friends are only friends with her
so they can come over here and spy on you
Isn't that terrible?
Befriending someone just to get with some else?
Yeah... that's messed up
What's messed up?
Nothing, Sis...
Jordan, did you eat all of mom's guac?
Bottom shelf
Cedar, you still wanna hit up the beach?
NAWWWWWWWWWWWW
Hey guys, hope you like that short!
If you like Jordan, I hope you realize that true friendship isn't based on looks
It's based on siblings
NO
Oh...
And more exciting news
We've just launch our brand new store to offer you guys
your favorite nice girl and nice guy's designs
And we'll be adding more of your favorites soon
And some limited edition...
Special items!
So check back often!
Yeap, check out the URL below for our brand new store
And as always, go to awkwardanimals.com
for some adorably cute awkward animals
And while you're here, check out the bloopers and behind the scenes
And SUBSCRIBE!
Thanks for watching, guys
Laterz
cute short and nice ending, jen <3
why are they so cute <3